that's the sound of freedom I'm
a legend permit a glorious tale to be
handed down from generation to
generation my eggs fry been gonna be
alright insurgents inside my
brain Cossacks
sodomizing my cranium you can't make up
for 12 years in three days Tom well I
tried
hello ladies
I've got anger issues I just do you've
done all right for yourself the last 12
years while sat in a tiny cell I
couldn't ride
I could have mentioned your name you are
doing you will be paid you really think
that's a worthy present after war are
done for you how's this because it's
nothing but I fear competi in my ticker
tape parade and I want the fool
parade my ticker tape parade I want the
band I want a float
I want the parade to float the band and
what you owe me what you owe me is why
want screwed everything up I'm a
mess look at me I'm trying not to you've
got to get to throwing yourself got to
put on trousers I see fire see rain I'll
see the lonely days I thought would
never end
what Eddie did man
[Music]